README.md, before:

# AnyRPG

## Introduction

This project contains the code for the AnyRPG Engine.

AnyRPG is a Role Playing Game engine written in C# for Unity.

It is a 100% free and open source project with the goal of enabling content creators to rapidly create unique and engaging short stories, scenarios, adventures, and even full games.

It accomplishes this by providing a platform with the most common Role Playing Game functionality out of the box so that content creators only need to provide visual assets and story content.

## Links

### Web Site

http://www.anyrpg.org/

### Patreon

https://www.patreon.com/anyrpg

### Download Unity Packages and Example Games

http://www.anyrpg.org/downloads/

### YouTube Channel

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-SiqAyRXR6eijPggFhFG2g

### Discord Server

https://discord.gg/huSAuqk

### Wiki

https://wiki.anyrpg.org/

## Setup

### Unity Package

A Unity package that includes this repository (and a complex sample game) is available for download at http://www.anyrpg.org/downloads/

### Github Installation

1. Install the correct Unity version to open this project.  The current project Unity version is 2019.4.21f1
1. Clone this repository into a directory on your computer
1. Open the Unity Hub and add the project
1. Open the project and install the following Unity packages:
	* Text Mesh Pro.  This package is installed by default.
	* UMA 2 from the Unity Asset Store (https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/uma-2-unity-multipurpose-avatar-35611) or github (https://github.com/umasteeringgroup/UMA/tree/master/UMAProject)
	* NavMesh Components (from github: https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/NavMeshComponents/tree/2019.3)
1. Open the Window menu in Unity and choose 'TextMeshPro' > 'Import TMP Essential Resources'
1. Open the UMA menu in Unity and choose Global Library.  In the Global Library window, choose File > Rebuild From Project
1. Open the scene "CoreGame" and press play in the editor

Commit message:

Update ReadME with link to 0.10.1a tutorial video

README.md, after:

# AnyRPG

## Introduction

This project contains the code for the AnyRPG Engine.

AnyRPG is a Role Playing Game engine written in C# for Unity.

It is a 100% free and open source project with the goal of enabling content creators to rapidly create unique and engaging short stories, scenarios, adventures, and even full games.

It accomplishes this by providing a platform with the most common Role Playing Game functionality out of the box so that content creators only need to provide visual assets and story content.

## Links

### Web Site

http://www.anyrpg.org/

### Patreon

https://www.patreon.com/anyrpg

### Download Unity Packages and Example Games

http://www.anyrpg.org/downloads/

### YouTube Channel

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-SiqAyRXR6eijPggFhFG2g

### Discord Server

https://discord.gg/huSAuqk

### Wiki

https://wiki.anyrpg.org/

## Setup

### Unity Package

A Unity package that includes this repository (and a complex sample game) is available for download at http://www.anyrpg.org/downloads/

### Github Installation
Video tutorial for version 0.10.1a install can be watched here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMeWWgNYrYI

1. Install the correct Unity version to open this project.  The current project Unity version is 2019.4.21f1
1. Clone this repository into a directory on your computer
1. Open the Unity Hub and add the project
1. Open the project and install the following Unity packages:
	* Text Mesh Pro.  This package is installed by default.
	* UMA 2 from the Unity Asset Store (https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/uma-2-unity-multipurpose-avatar-35611) or github (https://github.com/umasteeringgroup/UMA/tree/master/UMAProject)
	* NavMesh Components (from github: https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/NavMeshComponents/tree/2019.3)
1. Open the Window menu in Unity and choose 'TextMeshPro' > 'Import TMP Essential Resources'
1. Open the UMA menu in Unity and choose Global Library.  In the Global Library window, choose File > Rebuild From Project
1. Open the scene "CoreGame" and press play in the editor
